Update the security reporting guidelines (#5299)
cilium/tetragon: SECURITY.md

## Reporting a Vulnerability

We strongly encourage you to report security vulnerabilities to our private
security mailing list: security@cilium.io - first, before disclosing them in any
public forums.

This is a private mailing list where only members of the Cilium internal
security team are subscribed to, and is treated as top priority.

### Scope

A threat model for Tetragon and recommendations for running Tetragon in production

> environments can be found [here][threat-model]. Please ensure that you have

Reviewer: really a nit:
```suggestion
environments can be found [in the documentation][threat-model]. Please ensure that you have
```

Author: 👍 SGTM, updated.
